Release: Gateway 2.8.4.10 (#7530)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Bumped `lodash` for Dev Portal from 4.17.11 to 4.17.21
* Bumped `lodash` for Kong Manager from 4.17.15 to 4.17.21

## 2.8.4.10

> **Release Date** 2024/06/17

Author: ```suggestion
**Release Date** 2024/06/18
```

### Features

* Added a Docker image for RHEL 8.

### Fixes
#### Core

_Backported from 3.7.1.0_
* **DNS Client**: Fixed an issue where the Kong DNS client stored records with non-matching domain and type when parsing answers.
It now ignores records when the RR type differs from that of the query when parsing answers.

_Backported from 3.4.3.9_
* **Vitals**: Fixed an issue where each data plane connecting to the control plane would trigger the creation of a redundant 
table rotater timer on the control plane.

#### Plugins

_Backported from 3.7.0.0_
* [**Rate Limiting Advanced**](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/) (`rate-limiting-advanced`)
  * Refactored `kong/tools/public/rate-limiting`, adding the new interface `new_instance` to provide isolation between different plugins. 
    The original interfaces remain unchanged for backward compatibility. 
  
    If you are using custom Rate Limiting plugins based on this library, update the initialization code to the new format. For example: 

>     `'local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting").new_instance("custom-plugin-name")'`.
>     The old interface will be removed in the upcoming major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting").new_instance("custom-plugin-name")`.
    The old interface will be removed in the upcoming major release.
```
